+++
title = "Abusing Azure Active Directory at t2.fi 2019"
date = "2019-10-18"
lastmod = "2019-10-18"
categories =["blog"]
tags = ["Azure Active Directory","PowerShell","AADInternals","Security","T2"]
thumbnail = "/images/posts/t2.fi.png"
+++

On October 25th, I'll be talking at <a href="https://t2.fi" target="_blank">t2.fi infosec conference</a> in Helsinki. 
In this blog, I’ll tell what to expect in my <a href="https://t2.fi/schedule/2019/#speech12" target="_blank">**Abusing Azure Active Directory: Who would you like to be today?**</a> presentation.

<!--more-->
# Abusing Azure Active Directory: Who would you like to be today?
The presentation description from the conference website:

> Azure AD is used by Microsoft Office 365 and over 2800 third-party apps. 
> Although Azure AD is commonly regarded as secure, there are serious vulnerabilities regarding identity federation and pass-through authentication. 
> In this session, using AADInternals toolkit, I will demonstrate how to exploit these vulnerabilities to create backdoors, impersonate users, and bypass MFA.

# So, what to expect? 

## Presentation
Based on years of research, I'll introduce three techniques to create backdoors to Azure AD/Office 365. 
I'll also show how to create and use them with live demos using my **<a href="/aadinternals" target="_new">AADInternals</a>** toolkit.

Presentation includes:

* Introduction to Azure AD identity options
* Creating a backdoor using <a href="/aadinternals/#install-aadintptaspy" target="_blank">pass-through authentication</a>
* Creating a backdoor using **Seamless Single-Sign-On** (Requires AADInternals version 0.2.6)
* Creating a backdoor using <a href="/aadinternals/#new-aadintbackdoor-a" target="_blank">identity federation</a>
* Bypassing security boundaries with <a href="/aadinternals/#open-aadintoffice365portal" target="_blank">identity federation</a>

## New version of AADInternals
The new version of AADInternals (0.2.6) will be publicly available after the conference. 
It includes functionality to **create spoofed Kerberos tokens**, which in turn allows using Seamless SSO as a backdoor.